# eSelera
The e-Selera Application is a new application that can replaces the current manual and telephone processes for ordering and picking up breakfast, lunches or dinner in the Satria Cafe at UTeM. It combines traditional paper ordering with modern wireless ordering and it is a major innovation in the cafeteria industry. Any dishes can be updated in real-time and students also can know the details of the person who are deliver the foods, so that this can save the students time and also the cafe can save endless costs of recipes, menus and other handmade things, which appears to solve the traditional menu’s problems of short-period, dirty, chaotic because of the poor management and finally improves the quality of the cafeteria.  e-Selera Application are developed to assist the students in finding their favorite foods in the short period of time. This application are going to be developed because of several problem statements that can be identified in this application which is students presently spend an average of 60 minutes per day going to the cafeteria to select, purchase and eat their breakfast, lunch or either dinner. About 20 minutes of this time is spent walking to and from the cafeteria, selecting their meals and paying for their meals by cash or credit card. Due to the business growth, this kind of things has become inadequate to meet its business requirement. So from this application, it can saves the students time, increases productivity and does not need to maintain the manual history records. Then, the main objective of the project is to develop and design the e-Selera Application, to order meals through online, to be delivered to a designated students at a specified time and date and lastly is to increase the chance of the students in getting the foods items they prefer.
